# Security
Role type:  <font color= "#711e25">Security</font>. Access levels: <font color="#711e25">Security & cells</font>, Maintenance, Security. Difficulty: <font color="Red">hard</font>.

Security are the Police force of the station, and often the second line of defense against the crew members turning the station into a battle royale (the first line being [Janitors](Janitor.md)). Often times, you have a simple job: Jail criminals, and make sure [no](Assistant.md) [one](Clown.md) breaks into areas they shouldn't be in.
'DO NOT play Security if you're new to the game, it's a very easy way to find yourself surrounded by people wanting you dead for abusing your powers.'

## SECurity, not SHITcurity

For some unknown reason, Nanotrasen has chosen to fill this top-notch research station with simple minded baboons who enjoy carnage. As a result, Security is mostly a necessity not to keep intruders'' from destroying the station, but to keep ''crew members from destroying it. For the most part, this isn't too hard; you have a tazer, a stun baton (press Z while selected to activate stun mode, many have made that mistake before), and some handcuffs. 90% of the time, this is all you need, since someone with a crowbar on the other side of the room can't really do much when you can very easily taze them and then stun with your baton, then cuff them and take them to the cells. However, sometimes this isn't enough. Maybe Xenomorphs have invaded the station. They can't be stunned or cuffed, so your normal strategy won't really work. Not to worry, if the situation is getting out of hand, the [Warden](Warden.md) will hopefully allow you a lethal weapon from the armory. Just make sure the [Assistants](Assistant.md) don't get their greasy, graytider hands on them, and you'll be fine. Overall, just obey the orders of the [HoS](Head-of-Security.md), keep assistants out of restricted areas, and beat the shit out of [any](Traitor.md) [unwanted](Nuclear-Emergency.md) [crew](Cargonia.md), and hopefully you're able to [|keep the station from turning into pure, unfiltered chaos.](So-close-to-impossible-that-it-might-as-well-not-even-exist.md)